today I have the CM storm spawn to unbox
this is arming the gaming revolution is
a 3500 dpi precision optical gaming
mouse with onboard Sentinel X at 32
kilobyte so that is memory onboard with
a claw style ergonomic design superior
rubberized anti-slip grip design which
is good for our claw grip and let's see
what else they have to say for
themselves so you can adjust it between
eight hundred eighteen hundred and
thirty five hundred dpi it takes sixty
images per second it supports up to 20
G's of acceleration okay what else
maximum 1000 Hertz which is the max USB
transfer rate okay seven programmable of
seven fully programmable buttons very
nice Omron five million click micro
switches it's just with Teflon feet a
two meter gold plated USB cable let's
see what else they got to say for
themselves in here right security and
control fascinating ok ante drift
control so what's that mean what's ante
drift
well the spawn game you must utilize is
a high-performance optical engine
insures extreme stability but with an
anti drift architecture provides
lossless performance under mouse lift
and drop with a built in angle snapping
option one can formulate the perfect
flick shot and maximize their kill rates
highly adaptive under all speeds this
one endures all tactical movements ok
let's open this baby up nope give me a
sec here guys and let's take out the
mouse itself so the first thing I notice
about this particular Mouse is that it
is in economic style Mouse so what that
means is that it will only really fit in
the right hand if you try to use this
with your left hand it is not going to
work very well at all because the
positioning will be all wrong however if
you use it in your right hand this is
going to fit like a glove you can see
actually I would say right off the bat
that this would be best for someone with
smaller hands like myself because you
can see that fits very comfortably
whereas if I had larger hands I don't
know that it would work quite as well
mind you if you're using a fingertip
grip or a claw style grip then a smaller
mouse can be preferred especially if you
have these rubber
scripts on the side which allow you to
manipulate the mouse even if you are not
palming it like someone like me would
however if you do have a small hand you
will be able to film this Mouse quite
comfortably so let's show you guys the
positioning of the buttons so here there
are no buttons here there's a nice
contour for your ring finger here you've
got your right click your left click
your middle click your scroll wheel your
dpi up and down
you've got your forward and back buttons
here on the side and another rubberized
grip here the overall look at the mouse
is very very sharp this is a nice
metallic red I hope you can make out the
the finish of that color right there it
looks really really good
and then on the bottom you can see here
we've got the 3500 dpi
storm tactical sensor here as well as a
Teflon foot at the top and a Teflon foot
at the bottom the mouse cord itself is
not braided but it is a very flexible
feeling cord so it shouldn't get in your
way when you're gaming and you've got a
gold plated USB connector right here
including gold-plated contacts on the
inside so that should ensure that you
don't lose your connection very easily
and that it doesn't wear out as easily
as mice without gold plated connectors
so thank you for checking out my
unboxing of these storm tactics CM storm
spawn mouse from Coolermaster CM storm
music is an under cooler master sort of
brand and don't forget to subscribe to
Linus tech tips for more unboxings
reviews and other computer videos